
                      INTERNET GAMING NOTES FOR 
                            DESCENT (TM) 3 
                             Version 1.0

                  ___________________________________

                      See the file README.TXT for
                   general information on Descent 3.
                  ___________________________________


                         ______________________

                           TABLE of CONTENTS
                         ______________________


                        1.  Introduction
                        2.  Frequently-Asked Questions
                        3.  Architecture Types 
                        4.  Other Multiplayer Options
                        5.  Dedicated Servers



                          ______________________

                             1. INTRODUCTION
                          ______________________


This document contains information about playing Descent 3 over the
Internet.  It explains the various Internet-related options available
in Descent 3, and provides information about getting the best
performance when playing Descent 3 over the Internet.


                      _______________________________

                       2. FREQUENTLY-ASKED QUESTIONS
                      _______________________________


Q: What is a server?  What is a client?

A: In a client/server system, there is one central computer, called
the server, that all the other computers "talk" to.  When a player's 
computer wants to send out a message, it sends it just to the server,
which then forwards the message to all the other players.  The
machines other than the server are called clients.
  
The main alternative to a client/server system is a peer-to-peer
system, in which each computer talks directly to each other computer.

In Descent 3's client/server mode, a server can either be a player in
the game, or can be machine set up only to host games.  The latter is
known as a "dedicated server".


Q: What is lag?  

A: Lag is the difference in time between when one computer sends out
a message and another computer receives that message.  Lag is
measured in milliseconds and is commonly referred to as "ping".  A
ping of 300 means that it takes 300 milliseconds for a message to
travel from your computer to the other computer and back again.  If
you have a ping of 300ms to the server in your game, this means that
your computer is 150ms "behind" the server.  The less lag between two
computers in a multiplayer game, the better.


Q: What causes lag? 

A: Lag is caused by a number of factors: The speed of the computers
involved, the types of Internet connections the machines have, the
physical distance between the machines, the amount of network
traffic, and any number of other things.  The best netgame
experiences are to be had by finding a server that has a low ping; 
you can find these servers by using connection services such as
PXO or GameSpy.


Q: What is loss?

A: Packet loss is when your machine drops information packets that the
server has sent to you.  The server attempts to keep your game synced
up by constantly sending you a stream of packets.  If you drop some
of these packets, objects may appear to jump around.


Q: What causes loss?

A: The most common cause of loss is a modem that cannot keep up with
the demands that Descent 3 places on it, causing the modem to get
flooded and drop packets.  The faster your modem, the less loss
you'll experience.  Loss can also occur if your Internet Service
Provider (ISP) is overloaded.


Q: How does Descent 3 deal with lag and loss?

A: To help provide a good Internet gaming experience, Descent 3
compensates for lag and loss in several ways.  The most significant
of these is by providing three different multiplayer "architectures",
or ways the computers in a multiplayer game use to communicate.  Each
architecture has its own strengths and weaknesses; you should choose
a mode that works best for you.  See the next section for details.

Descent 3 sends data to other computers at a rate determined by the
Connection Speed value you select in the Descent 3 Setup.  (To set
this, run Descent 3, click on Setup, and select the Network tab.) 
It's important that you select the most accurate value for this
setting.  Selecting a too-fast connection speed will cause you to
lose packets; selecting a too-slow connection speed will cause your
game to be less smooth than it needs to be.

The default connection speed is a 56k modem, which you should change
if you have a different connection.

Descent 3 also allows the server to setup certain parameters that
limit the amount of bandwidth the game will use.  See section 4 for
details.

                        _________________________

                          3. ARCHITECTURE TYPES
                        _________________________


There are three different multiplayer architectures supported
by Descent 3:  Client/Server, Peer-to-Peer, and Permissible
Client/Server.

Here are the major differences between the three architectures.


CLIENT/SERVER:

This is the default mode for Descent 3.  In Descent 3's client/server
mode, the server computer controls the position of most of the objects
in the game and determines when a weapon collides with a robot or
player.  So that players are able to move smoothly and to fire
instantly, all player movement and firing is controlled by the local
computer.

In a client/server game, each player communicates only with the
server computer, so your performance is only affected by the speed of
your connection, and not by those of other players.


Strengths:

  When you choose to fire a weapon, it fires immediately on your
  computer.

  Client/Server is generally more fair, because one machine makes 
  decisions for every player.

Weaknesses:

  It will be hard for a player with a low connection to hit others
  players.

  A player on the server machine will have an advantage over other
  players, because she or he will have no lag to the server.

  The server gets a lot more network traffic, because it has to
  communicate with every player.

  Because you are able to fire instantly you will have to lead your
  shots slightly to compensate for network lag.


PEER-TO-PEER:

This is the architecture that Descent and Descent II used, and is
made available for gamers who prefer that networking mode.  In
peer-to-peer mode, each local computer determines when that player is
hit by a weapon.

Strengths:

  Since each player determines when his or her own ship is hit, 
  players with slow connections are not at a disadvantage.

  No one machine handles more network traffic than any other.

Weaknesses:

  Since each player determines when his or her own ship is hit, it 
  can be hard to hit a player with a slow connection.

  Since there isn't a server to determine who hit whom, peer-to-
  peer games are more vulnerable to cheating.


PERMISSIBLE CLIENT/SERVER:

This is like Descent 3's normal client/server mode, but requires that
each player get "permission" from the server to fire a weapon.  This
means that when you choose to fire a weapon, your computer will send
a message to the server; the server will create the weapon and send a
message back informing your computer of the position of that weapon.

Strengths:

  If a weapon collides with an object on your screen, the chances 
  are high that it actually collided on the server as well.

Weaknesses:

  There may be a noticeable delay between when your press your fire
  button and when the weapon actually appears on your screen.


                      _______________________________

                       4. OTHER MULTIPLAYER OPTIONS
                      _______________________________

These multiplayer options, selectable when you start a multiplayer
game in Descent 3, may also affect performance over the Internet.
These settings are only available to the computer starting a
multiplayer game.

Packets Per Second:

  This sets the maximum rate at which the server and the clients 
  communicate with each other.  Since clients can individually set
  their own rate in the Setup/Network screen, this setting should be
  based on the connection speed of the server.  The higher this number,
  the smoother your game will be. However, setting this number too high
  may result in packet loss because your connection and/or your clients
  connection may not be able to handle the high stream of data.  As a
  baseline value we recommend 10 packets per second.

Max number of players:

  This value is the number of players who may join your game.  Each
  additional player results in more network traffic, so you may get
  better performance by limiting the number of players in a game.  If
  your machine or connection is not of high quality you might want to
  reduce this number to six or lower.
    
Rotational velocity:

  This checkbox determines whether or not rotational velocity is sent
  over with the player ship positions.  Rotational velocity will make
  the ships appear to turn more smoothly but uses a bit more bandwidth.
  It defaults to off.
  
Restrictive collisions:

  This checkbox will cause Descent 3 to use polygon accurate collision
  detection.  While this makes for a more realistic gaming experience,
  it also makes it very difficult to hit an opponent if you are playing
  over the Internet.  We recommend only setting this checkbox on when
  you are playing over a LAN.

                       ___________________________

                           5. DEDICATED SERVERS
                       ___________________________


A dedicated server is a computer that is running Descent 3 for the
sole purpose of hosting multiplayer games.  A dedicated server, if
it is running on a computer with a fast Internet connection, can
provide the best and most fair Internet gaming experience.

You can find dedicated servers by using a game finder service such as
PXO or GameSpy.

A Descent 3 dedicated server can be run on a computer running
either Windows or Linux.  For general information on setting up
a dedicated server, see the Descent 3 manual.  For information
on setting up a Linux dedicated server, see the file Readme.txt
in the /Dedicated/Linux/ directory of Descent 3 CD 1.



