{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f9\ul \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f9 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar\adjustright \ul \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs20 
\sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\ul \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 8;}{
\s9\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 
footnote text;}{\s17\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext19 j;}{
\s20\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext22 ctcb;}{
\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs28 \sbasedon0 \snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext25 crtj;}{
\s26\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext28 Hf;}{
\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext31 c;}{
\s32\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext34 nsct;}{
\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext36 HC2;}{
\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext39 crt;}{
\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360\adjustright \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f11 \sbasedon3 \snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f11\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f11\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{
\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1915\adjustright \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f11\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid249584757}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid656416521}
{\list\listtemplateid67698703\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1365445431}{\list\listtemplateid67698689
\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1747218252}{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1832672824}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid656416521
\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1832672824\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid1365445431\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid1747218252\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid249584757\listoverridecount0\ls5}}{\info
{\title # Descent 3 Help Index}{\author David Broman}{\operator Nate Goudie}{\creatim\yr1999\mo5\dy22\hr1\min24}{\revtim\yr1999\mo5\dy22\hr1\min24}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords108}{\nofchars617}{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}
{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s2\sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f9 {\cs15\b0\fs20\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_D3LAUNCH_DIALOG}}}{\b0\fs20  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ Main menu}}}{\b0\fs20  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Main Launcher Menu}}}{\fs28 Main Launcher Window}{
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f9 
\par Welcome to the main menu of the Descent 3 Launcher!  From here, you can play Descent 3, configure your game settings, view related information, and even automatically update your version of Descent 3 to the newest available version.
\par 
\par The following buttons allow you to access these different features:
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Play
\par }{\f9 Pressing the Play button will launch Descent 3.  Make sure you have configured your game from Setup before pressing the Play button!
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f9 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f9 Setup
\par }{\f9 The Setup button takes you to the }{\f9\uldb Setup Window}{\v\f9 HIDD_SETUP_DIALOG}{\f9  where you can configure your options for Descent 3.
\par }{\f9\uldb 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\b\f9 Auto-Update}{
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f9 The Auto-Update button takes you to the }{\f9\uldb Auto-Update Window}{\v\f9 HIDD_UPDATE_DIALOG}{\f9  where you can update your copy of Descent 3 to the newest available version.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 View ReadMe
\par }{\f9 Pressing the ReadMe button will cause the ReadMe Viewer to be displayed.  The ReadMe files contain important game-related information, so it is a good idea to check them out.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Install Drivers
\par }{\f9 The Install Drivers button will display the }{\f9\uldb Driver Installation Menu}{\v\f9 HIDD_DRIVERS_DIALOG}{\f9  where you can install DirectX and other drivers.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Visit Us!
\par }{\f9 This button will take you to the Outrage Entertainment Web Page where you can learn more about the people who brought you Descent 3.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Play D3 Online!
\par }{\f9 The PXO button will take you to the Parallax Online Web page.  Parallax Online allows you to play multi-player Descent 3 for free over the internet.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_UPDATE_DIALOG}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ update;patch}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Auto-Update Window}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Auto-Update Window
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f9\fs24 
\par }{\f9 The Auto-Update window allows you to automatically update your copy of Descent 3 to the latest version by downloading an update patch from the Internet.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 The Message of the Day
\par }{\f9 At the top of the window is the Message of the Day, which displays information regarding new versions or other items of interest.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Version Number Display
\par }{\f9 This display allows you to easily compare your version of Descent 3 with the newest version currently available.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Status Window and Messages
\par }{\f9 The status window and messages are initially used to inform you when there is a new version of Descent 3 available for download.
\par 
\par If a new version is available, you can download the patch and apply it by pressing OK.
\par 
\par Once you press OK, the }{\f9\uldb Site Selection Window}{\v\f9 HIDD_SITE_SELECTION_DIALOG}{\f9  will appear.  Choose the site 
you wish to download the patch from and the download will begin.  Once the patch has finished downloading, it will automatically start apply the patch to your copy of Descent 3.
\par 
\par After the patch has completed, you will receive a message stating that the pa
tch was successful.  Most of the time, the launcher will need to be updated as well.  After you click OK on the Auto-Update window, you will be notified if this is the case.  The launcher will then shut down, update itself, and restart.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_DIRECTX}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ directx}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ DirectX Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 DirectX Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The DirectX Setup displays the current version of DirectX installed on your system.
\par 
\par The status box will let you know if your version of DirectX is sufficient to play Descent 3. Descent 3 generally requires DirectX 6.1, though under some circumstances you may be able to play with versions as old as DirectX 3.0.  If you are playing under W
indows 95/98, it is recommended that you install DirectX 6.1 on your system.  DirectX 6.1 is not supported under Windows NT.
\par 
\par The button at the bottom of the DirectX Window will take you directly to the Microsoft DirectX download page.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_VIDEO}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ video}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Video Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Video Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The Video setup window displays the currently-selected rendering device.
\par 
\par Descent 3 supports three types of renderers (known as APIs): 3Dfx Glide, Direct3D, and OpenGL.  A hardware accelerated 3D card is required to play Descent 3.
\par 
\par The button at the bottom of the window will allow you to redetect certain devices and select a new renderer.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 IMPORTANT:
\par You must make sure that you have installed all the latest drivers for your video card(s).  
\par }{\f9 
\par Also, some systems may
 experience problems when attempting to detect more than one type of device from the Video Selection Dialog at the same time.  If this occurs, try selecting only the renderer you wish to use (i.e. Glide, Direct3D, or OpenGL).  Finally, if you do not have 
a Voodoo Graphics card, it is recommended that you disable the option to detect Glide since this has been known to cause problems on a few systems.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_AUDIO}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ audio}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Audio Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Audio Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The Audio Setup allows you to select both an audio playback device and a mixer.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Current Sound Device and Mixers
\par }{\f9 To enable sound in Descent 3, select a sound device from the pull-down menu.  Choose a device that supports at least one sound mixer.
\par 
\par Once you have chosen an appropriate sound device, choose one of the available mixers for that device.  The possible choices are:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\b\f9 Software}{\f9  \endash 
 Uses the CPU to mix all sounds.  This is recommended for high end machines with an ample supply of RAM.
\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\f9 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\b\f9 DirectSound }{\f9 \endash 
 Uses DirectSound for all sound mixing.  This may provide better performance on low-end machines with minimal amounts of RAM.
\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\f9 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\b\f9 DirectSound 3D}{\f9  \endash 
 Uses DirectSound 3D to take advantage of the 3D-positional capabilities of your sound card.
\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\f9 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\b\f9 Aureal 3D}{\f9  \endash  
Uses Aureal Vortex Technology (if your card supports it) to implement advanced 3D audio effects.
\par }\pard \widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\f9 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls5\adjustright {\b\f9 Creative EAX}{\f9  \endash 
 Uses Creative EAX Technology (if your cards supports it) to take advantage of advanced 3D audio effects.
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_JOYSTICK}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ controls;joystick}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Controls Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Controls Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par This window displays your currently selected game controller.
\par 
\par The Enable Force Feedback button allows you to disable force feedback for controllers that support it.
\par 
\par The Enable CH Flightstick Pro Mode button allows you to enable special handling of a CH Flightstick Pro within Descent 3.  Only check this button if you are using a CH Flightstick Pro! 
\par 
\par The Enable Logitech Mouseman Mode button allows you to enable special handling of a Logitech Mouseman within Descent 3.  Only check this button if you are using a Logitech Mouseman!
\par 
\par If you want to check or calibrate your controller, click on the Joystick Calibration / Setting button to invoke the Windows Game Controllers dialog.
\par 
\par If you change your current controller, click on the Redetect Current Joystick button to read the new settings from Windows.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_SPEED}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ speed;detail}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Speed Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Speed Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The Speed Setup window allows you to specify a default detail level for your system.
\par 
\par You can manually choose a setting from the pull-down list box, or you can press the button at the bottom of the window to have Setup choose one for you, based upon your system properties.
\par 
\par Once inside the game, you can custom tailor each of the various detail level settings as you see fit.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_NETWORK}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ network}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Network Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Network Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The Network Setup window allows you to specify your network connection type and speed.  This information is used only in multiplayer.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 IMPORTANT:
\par Inaccurate network settings will hinder performance.  Choose the settings that most accurately describe your connection.
\par 
\par }{\f9 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_PROPPAGE_KEYBOARD}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ miscellaneous}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Miscellaneous Setup}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Miscellaneous Setup
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f9 
\par Language
\par }{\f9 This window allows you to select the language for the game.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Keyboard Type
\par }{\f9 This window allows you to specify the type of keyboard you are using.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Performance Options
\par }{\f9 Use this checkbox to disable FindFast before playing Descent 3.  FindFast is a program that can have a negative effect on the performance of Descent 3 and we STRONGLY recommend that you not run FindFast while playing Descent 3.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Option D3 Command Line
\par }{\f9 Use this box to enter Descent 3 command-line parameters.  You will most likely want to leave this field empty.  See the Readme file for a list of command-line options.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_SITE_SELECTION_DIALOG}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ site;select;selection}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Site Selection Window}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Site Selection Window
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The site selection window allows you to choose an Internet site from which to download the Descent 3 patch.  Any site listed should work, though you should try to choose one close to your location.  If one site does not work, try another.
\par 
\par Select a site and click OK.
\par 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_SETUP_DIALOG}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ Setup}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Setup Window}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Setup Window}{\fs28 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The Setup Window allows you to configure your Descent 3 options.
\par 
\par It contains the following sections:
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f9\uldb DirectX}{\v\f9\uldb 
HIDD_PROPPAGE_DIRECTX}{\f9\uldb 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f9\uldb Video}{\v\f9\uldb 
HIDD_PROPPAGE_VIDEO}{\f9\uldb 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f9\uldb Audio}{\v\f9\uldb 
HIDD_PROPPAGE_AUDIO}{\f9\uldb 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f9\uldb Controls}{\v\f9\uldb 
HIDD_PROPPAGE_JOYSTICK}{\f9\uldb 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f9\uldb Network}{\v\f9\uldb 
HIDD_PROPPAGE_NETWORK}{\f9\uldb 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f9\uldb Misc}{\v\f9\uldb 
HIDD_PROPPAGE_KEYBOARD}{\f9\uldb 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par }\pard \sb120\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f9 \page }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDD_DRIVERS_DIALOG}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{ driver;drivers}}}{\f9  }{\cs15\f9\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{ Driver Installation Menu}}}{\b\f9\fs28 Driver Installation Menu
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\f9 
\par The Driver Installation Menu allows you to install various drivers onto your machine.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Install Microsoft DirectX 6.1
\par }{\f9 Installs Microsoft DirectX 6.1.
\par 
\par }{\b\f9 Install OpenGL with GLSetup
\par }{\f9 Installs the latest OpenGL drivers onto your machine.
\par }{
\par }}